continue to agregate the automation workflows to atuomate entire web3 bots like any future tests qualifiction and data gathering on our way to live should be automated via local laya? continue explore your previous outputs of tagging data and gathering the context? ideas to explore, after updating the zip list down all new functions included? possible ways to aproach and find and agregate and setup automations for new r&d zip- Нашёл конкретный сохранённый разговор от 30 сентября: 18 сообщений о «Notion для репозиториев», библиотеке контекста, web3-исследованиях, интерфейсе с кнопками целей и Laya. + your data repo taging ideas + but also come up with labeling for any data piece? context to achieve- Знаешь, пожалуйста использовать Веб поиск для того, чтобы изучить Twitter на наличие информации о том, как люди автоматизируют Jeff-like intelligence, like Laya. Меня интересуют их способы автоматизации процессов и запуска кода с помощью автоматически созданных сценариев в которых Laya автоматизирует любые процессы с помощью кода. И мне интересуют возможность создания приложения, которое Допустим Могло бы автоматизировать любой процесс С помощью голоса. Что если бы мы создали локальное приложение, которое Слушает в реальном времени любой текст, который я скажу вслух. Уже сагрегировал данные про мой репозиторий флешлент бота и просто я говорю нужно автоматизировать этот процесс, пожалуйста, выполни это, это и это. Потом он в автоматическом режиме берет этот текст , агрегирует Нужную информацию, создает нужный код, проводит нужные тесты, запускает нужные браузеры вместе с на основе может быть моего репозитория, может быть на основе моих предыдущих целей, которые так же были сагрегированы в этом чате, в этом приложении локальном на моем ПК. То есть как создать именно локальное приложение, которое агрегирует любой контекст создает идеальные теги информации мы уже кстати в предыдущих чатах обсуждали Эти моменты, какие виды тегов могут существовать, чтобы потом дополнительно изучим предыдущие чаты для того, чтобы изучить этот момент того как правильно создавать теги информации и лейблить entire context from previous chat conversation histories, previous Google documents, previous conversations with Grok, ChatGPT and entire repository and entire private Telegram channels. So that I would be able to aggregate entire history of my life to list out and label entire goals, aims, executions I need to do daily like things to do create entire library like Notion local application to hold any data locally and maybe in the future possibly to automate on anything. So the workflow, I I thought, would be interested to automate is that for example, this application I press a button on the local app, which also de-aggregator and library for any context I have and already aggregated or hold within the execution document or any type of the document that would automate on anything just would record my goals and for example, I press a button and it transcribe whatever that I'm going to say and I for example say automate this and this and this or help me to execute on this and this and this and then this application create the transcription document, aggregate maybe useful data from my library of this local application, then create a document that would and what exact next automations we would be able to build so that this document then goes to Grok Grok executes on on all of those commands that they need to execute like automatically because I asked my local application, aggregator, context to execute on this so it gathers and creates this entire aggregation context document goes to Grok send it to Grok, Grok sees whatever the day need to him to empower our application with to be able to execute on any automation. It just updates the GitHub code and then next kind of integration for our local app like context aggregator would be just to create some type of the setup of the automation to go to the GitHub and manage to basically download the code, renew the local application, renew the capabilities or whatever integrations like whatever availability of any access for this application to execute on anything just from the update of Grok code to execute on this document. Like, how do you see - what exact automations could exist so that this application go agentically sends this doc to Grok, Grok executes on this code make merge with my repository. This repository then then my agent this local agent Vialaya like trace down data from GitHub, download it unzip, renew the local application and renew the code capabilities or even accesses to any type of the data it could will be able to aggregate in the future or on any tasks to automate the actions so that even people with disabilities would be able to use this application just via their voice, by via their their text, they would be able to execute on any command on their PC. How do you see there is a possibility to innovate within the space? What type of the applications would be interested to experiment with? And how do you see you could lower the time of the execution to the lowest possible time so that people would be able to maybe execute on the commands on their PC in a faster way of voice and via automation faster. Because would be able to execute their PC full capacity in parallel actions while just controlling their PC agent would work like wh- what innovations could take place to achieve this entire picture and what exactly we could do to be able to bring it to life with even faster execution on automation via latest advancements maybe on the hugging face, maybe Laya, maybe via additional on multi-layered intelligence experiments would you suggest for us to do execute on to achieve maybe new hand- results that you would focus on